README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋, I'm Dinujaya

🚀 Aspiring **Data Scientist** |🎓 IT Undergraduate at SLIIT (Specializing in Data Science)  
💡 Passionate about **AI, Machine Learning, and Data-driven solutions**  
🌍 From Sri Lanka 🇱🇰  

---

## 🌟 About Me
- 🎓 Pursuing BSc (Hons) in Information Technology (Data Science) – SLIIT  
- 💻 Skilled in **Python, Java, C, C++, JavaScript, PHP, SQL, HTML, CSS**  
- 🗄️ Experienced with **MySQL**  
- ☁️ Currently learning **R, AWS, Google Cloud** & **MERN Stack** 
- 📊 Interested in **Data Science, Software Engineering, AI/ML, Cloud Computing, and IT Business Innovation**  

---

## 🔭 What I’m Working On
- Completing a **Python certification (University of Moratuwa)**  
- Developing a **portfolio website** alongside GitHub projects  
- Strengthening **presentation & leadership skills** through academic projects  
- Exploring **AI/ML** with online courses  

---

## 📚 What I’m Learning
- Advanced problem-solving & software engineering practices
- Data Structures and Algorithems, python, java, MERN stack, R
- Professional skills
- Machine Learning & AI fundamentals   

---

## 🛠️ Languages and Tools
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,java,cpp,c,mysql,php,js,html,css,mongodb,express,react,nodejs,postman,git,figma,aws,gcp" />
</p>  

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-nine-zeta-93.vercel.app/api?username=DinujayaSupun&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" alt="GitHub stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-nine-zeta-93.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=DinujayaSupun&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top languages" />
</p>


---

## 📫 Connect With Me
- 💼 [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/dinujaya-supun-81b161271)  
- 🌐 Portfolio Website *(coming soon...)*  

---

⭐️ *“Problem-solving, lifelong learning, and innovation are the keys I live by.”*

Commit message:

Add contribution guidelines to README
Added a section on how to contribute, outlining collaboration opportunities and areas of expertise.

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋, I'm Dinujaya

🚀 Aspiring **Data Scientist** |🎓 IT Undergraduate at SLIIT (Specializing in Data Science)  
💡 Passionate about **AI, Machine Learning, and Data-driven solutions**  
🌍 From Sri Lanka 🇱🇰  

---

## 🌟 About Me
- 🎓 Pursuing BSc (Hons) in Information Technology (Data Science) – SLIIT  
- 💻 Skilled in **Python, Java, C, C++, JavaScript, PHP, SQL, HTML, CSS**  
- 🗄️ Experienced with **MySQL**  
- ☁️ Currently learning **R, AWS, Google Cloud** & **MERN Stack** 
- 📊 Interested in **Data Science, Software Engineering, AI/ML, Cloud Computing, and IT Business Innovation**  

---

## 🔭 What I’m Working On
- Completing a **Python certification (University of Moratuwa)**  
- Developing a **portfolio website** alongside GitHub projects  
- Strengthening **presentation & leadership skills** through academic projects  
- Exploring **AI/ML** with online courses  

---

## 📚 What I’m Learning
- Advanced problem-solving & software engineering practices
- Data Structures and Algorithems, python, java, MERN stack, R
- Professional skills
- Machine Learning & AI fundamentals   

---

💡 **How I Can Contribute**
- 🧠 Collaborate on data-driven or software development projects.  
- 📊 Build impactful data visualizations, dashboards, or tools.  
- 🤝 Share insights on Data Science, Software Engineering, AI, ML, and IT technologies.  

---

## 🛠️ Languages and Tools
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,java,cpp,c,mysql,php,js,html,css,mongodb,express,react,nodejs,postman,git,figma,aws,gcp" />
</p>  

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-nine-zeta-93.vercel.app/api?username=DinujayaSupun&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" alt="GitHub stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-nine-zeta-93.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=DinujayaSupun&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top languages" />
</p>


---

## 📫 Connect With Me
- 📧 Email: mdinujayasupun@gmail.com
- 💼 [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/dinujaya-supun-81b161271)  
- 🌐 Portfolio Website *(coming soon...)*  

---

⭐️ *“Problem-solving, lifelong learning, and innovation are the keys I live by.”*
